Description:
Learn Spanish, English, German, Portuguese, Korean, French, Hindi, Russian, Turkish, Chinese, Arabic, Italian and Japanese by reading text side by side!

Language learning is fun and free with Beelinguapp!

Learn a new language with Beelinguapp, the app that lets you read and listen to stories in different languages side by side. Read text and hear audio in the language you are learning, and read the same text in your language to use as a reference.

Learn at your own pace with this fun and free language learning app. If you are familiar with language learning audio books, you will love Beelinguapp's innovative method to learn a new language.

Ditch the flashcards and pick what languages you want to learn by reading your favorite children's stories, short stories, novels and more side by side. From Spanish to German and more, Beelinguapp teaches you through fun and familiar text.

Beelinguapp is fun and easy to use for anyone that wants to learn a new language. Use your native language as a guide and start learning today!

Beelinguapp Features:

Language Learning Made Easy
 Learn a new language by reading different stories in a language of your choosing! 
 Beelinguapp gives you the option to read the story in YOUR language to reference what a word or phrase means.

Audio Book Reader
 Spanish, German, French and more languages on easy to listen audio books.
 Audio book in any language can be listened to even if your phone is sleeping.
 Learn languages by following the reader of the audio book with a karaoke style animation to know exactly what they are saying.
 Spanish audio books combined with English, French audio books combined with German  the choice and what language audio book you want to read is yours!

Great Stories in Different Languages
 Side by side readings of your favorite fairy tale stories, novels and more.
 Learn languages at your own pace and choose only the stories you want to read.
 Languages, genre and learning level can be sorted make learning languages easy.

Learn Different Languages including:
 English 
 German
 Spanish
 Portuguese
 French
 Hindi
 Korean
 Russian
 Chinese
 Arabic
 Italian
 Japanese
 Turkish

Learn new languages by reading different stories side by side with Beelinguapp! No memorization and no flashcards needed. Learn languages at your own pace by reading your favorite stories on Beelinguapp!

Download Beelinguapp now and start learning languages for free!